# WebscrapingProject
Questions to answer
1. What was the biggest challenge of scraping the web site?
There were several challenges in scraping this site.  The first one was identifying the element that contained all of the machine's data.  It was a bit of trial and error trying to drill down to using the 'div' element with the 'thumbnail' class.  I'm also not sure why using the CLASS_NAME wasn't working for both the title and reviews at first.  So I then tried to use the XPATH, but found pretty quickly that it wouldn't work since it would continue to point it to the same machine rather than looping through each machine. In addition, I realized that I had to add 'get_attribute' to drill down another level to grab the actual title of the machine, rather than what was listed in the 'class = title'. There are still several questions I have about the code, but am happy to say that I understand the majority of it.  
2. What insight, if any, did  you gain from the analysis and visualization of the laptop data?
I chose a tree map visualization to look at both the price and number of reviews of each machine.  The price was depicted in the 'size' of the machine and the number of reviews was observed with the color.  Using this particular visualization, I was able to discern that while there are some exceptions, there was a moderate correlation between these two variables.  The higher the price of the machine, the more reviews it appeared to have.  I'm left wondering how I would have been able to mathematically show this in Tableau.  